change is coming in your company
new car
new customer type and new concept
car ownership volvo
melting or high-Ganago
Swedish design and innovation and
easy to use technology
elegant look and functionality
inherent features of the Scandinavian
design
brand new xc90
the second birth of our brand we
listened to our customers
were interested in how they want
interact with the car which
design and performance craftsmanship they
prefer and then it all combined
in one car we can't show
absolutely everything to you and here we present
just a quick sketch of what will appear
the future interior is inspired by the Scandinavian
motives
filled with elements of luxury and intuition
understandable technology
the end of the next generation completely
determines the path of interaction
we gave our customers with cars
special attention to interface design and
provided easy and intuitive
access to any governing body in
any time thanks to extraordinary
large vertically located
9 inch touch screen without buttons
and switches and
using our original technology
touch screens can be searched
listen to music regulate microclimate
and just enjoy the ride
used to control voice
commands or touch screen
You have added details for example on the seat
portrayed sweden flag
We are proud of our technical
developments for example on the belt buckle
security
engraved year 1959 as a reminder of
creating a three point belt
security volvo
starting a keyless engine is enough
so that the key is inside the car
impressive novelty of craftsmanship and
technology
at the disposal of our new customers
eg projection display for text
and graphic information displayed in
bottom of the windshield
instrument panel with leather finish
black or brown express and
convenient landing and landing function with
electrically driven
some models have three
rows of seats and up to four climatic
zones is only the first stage of our journey
you will meet innovative
technology interface
new gasoline and diesel and
hybrid engines
magnificent interior decoration and new
customers who are sure to you
will come